1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

There are many reasons I chose Python's Flask as my framework and tools for this exercise but I will just list out top 3 reasons. Firstly, it is the familiarity of using Python. As an individual who has built an entire eCommerce platform in Flask and MySQL, I am really confident in writing in Python therefore I chose Python. Though, it does not mean I am not willing to challenge myself in a new lanaguage, rather I am trying to showcase my expertise in Python's Flask. Second of all, simplicity. Given I have 1 midterm with 18 credits worth of classes and 15 hours of work every week, I have really limited time to write this exercise and therefore simplicity is on my top list. Python's Flask is such a powerful framework that allows me to write this whole Restful API in less than 10 hours. Thirdly, the support you receives using Python. With a huge community in Python, there are many libraries you have access to such as datetime, random, even encryption library which allows you to perform many, if not every, task you need.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

Advantages are that it is lightweighted and supportive for Restful API. Due to the nature of lightweighted, Python's Flask allows me to build only what is needed and it doesn't require powerful machine to run that application, which is nice if you are just trying to make a small application that aims to let anyone run it on their machine. Moreover, Flask is also built to create Restful API and therefore there are built in features like routing and HTTP method validation. Last but not least, I believe that there are really little choices outside Python that allows you to build an API server from scratch in less than 5 hours. All in all, given the constraints of this exercises, I believe Python + Flask is a really advantaged tools to utilize.
Though, there are disadvantages. A big disadvantage of my solution is that json files are used as data storages. No one should ever do this in actual application, instead we should utilize relational database like PostgreSQL or MySQL to store our data. Secondly, using Python obviously will mean that the speed or performance of the API is not as great compared to languages like C++, which can be up to 45,000 times faster with enchance mode. In an atual setting, I would deploy a relational database with perhaps FastAPI if I were to build an application in short-term. For long-run application, I will consider using C++ for certain components of my application when performance matters a lot.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

My most favored project outside of my class was building a eCommerce platform with Python from scratch.

This project allows me to challenge myself on producing more efficient logics, making better UI design, creating a more secured system, and doing better data validations, just like in real life.
Moreover, I like that I get to make decisions in my project when there are absolutely no instructions given. For example, I had to pick a sorting algorithm for my data when there are so many choices like heap sort, merge sort, insertion sort, and many more. A better example would be me predicting all edge cases for my API and Webhooks without having much unit testings because of time constrain. One mistake I made could bring the whole server down and I have to fix the bugs. That is what I really love.
Starting from setting up the virtual machine to even writing the jQuery code, it's been challenging. I've had to come up with quick solutions to keep my server running well whenever there's an unexpected error. It's similar to working on a project like Fetch, where you often have to find a good, simple solution first and then optimize it to the best of your ability overtime.
As a first-generation college student from a small town in Malaysia that is blessed to have a chance to receive education here in Madison, I know I will be pushing myself every single day in the field of computer science because I have make every dollar of my parent's spending on my education. If Fetch showed love and support like how my parents did, I know I will be working really hard to make every dollar Fetch investing in me worth.